um
draw it up so that i can give you my
opinion on whether i think it's
plausible
um plausible and feasible in terms of
executing so assignment two is a part of
actually
completing the execution of the
design and high level planning and
assignment one so
over then we don't have a group of three
however
um so what i would do now is split up
into your groups um if anyone's got any
questions you can ask me this room i'll
be
staying in the zoom across the next uh
two hours um
my to to help me out if you're not sure
about if your project is feasible or if
it's good enough for assignment one
start drawing it up so that i can have
an understanding of what you're
attempting to try and do
and that way when we communicate over it
i've got something individual look at
um with how you data other than that
you don't have to stay in this zoom um
this zoom is merely just
a wave a medium for you guys online to
communicate with me
if you have any problems with groups or
teams or team channels or swapping
you can private message me on teams or
you can i will look at this
um zoom chat um other than that does
anyone have any questions otherwise
you're free to
spit up in your teams ask me questions
start your own work
but assignment one is where i'd be
starting to push
forward over the next couple of weeks
especially for anyone online
um anyone got any questions
no okay um so if you don't have any
questions
um i'll stay here um alternatively i
would break up into your teams
and start delegating who's going to do
what a part of assignment one
um any questions just add me and i'll
instantly reply
um if you've got team call going and you
want me to join um
have that and i will join in there and
have a chat i'm happy to help you guys
out in any way possible
that's what i'm here for um question
yeah just a question about
the simon one um so retro the hardware
stream and it looks like there's an
example
subsystem that we can do which is called
soil monitoring or smartphone
uh project and
the underlying project is smart cities
um
can we sort of think about other
subsystems that could be
fallen the smart city and yeah
project and if you were to do that what
would we need to provide you or do we
need to give you like a business
case uh of how what we are trying to do
yeah
yeah yeah so the goal of this is so the
important what you what the
the uh you can consider if you're doing
your own project you should follow the
format
needs to be a low power network the data
needs to be of value
and it needs to be you've got to
visualize that data and then how is it
going to impact
what how can the data be used like how
are you going to visualize it what's
that going to change whether
so like uh if you can have a low power
tag that's detecting
um i don't know maybe the
like the amount of cars going in and out
of a certain area during a certain time
uh for traffic monitoring if you can
come up with the like obviously it
depends on what sensors you get
um but something like that and that's a
value to
the government because then they can
mould roads or change public transport
um that way uh for like the benefit of
the community so like it's open-ended
but the the
what you need to have is a low-power
network
data data visualized and a business case
for
how this does can be used so you can't
just do something like oh
um i'm just gonna get like uh i don't
know count how many people are going by
um and we're gonna transmit that over a
low power network
um it's gonna be an actual business use
or some benefit that's the whole point
of this it's more
yeah um for how can you commercialize
what you're doing i think that makes
perfect sense and would we put that uh
problem inside
part one project scope uh if you're
doing something different so
we could say uh you know doing
some humidity or temperature monitoring
in indian environments
so that we can you know have a solution
to that
where we trigger you know things
automatically to
monitor and maintain that temperature or
something like that right
yeah so yeah it's a project part one of
the summit one
is the project scope so you're it's the
the first question is the what
um you have to convey what you're doing
in a higher level
so what what's the value of what you're
doing um just like you said
um convey just a simple business case of
what you're doing
and how it's going to help and what's
going to help and then the how
is more on the senses that are involved
um and what's going to happen
and then when and who is more kind of
like internal team structure
um to get it done and then the second
part
is a lot more like specific
on how you're going to go about it and
what network type of network you're
going to use what you expect your values
to be
um stuff like that and so it's a lot
more
specific to your thing but yeah so the
first part would be that high level
explanation of what you're planning to
do
cool um
anyone else if you don't if you if you
don't want to chat
um on mic you can feel free to put it in
the
zoom chat and i can answer your question
verbally
doesn't look good um so feel free to
leave this room like you don't have to
sit in here for two hours it's not
non-marked i'm just here to help you out
so feel free to leave the zoom if you
wanna i don't know do your assignment
and your own time
again you don't even have to do
assignment this time it's just the eye
where i'm available
to give you guys my opinion and
direction and
my and what i think experiences
plausible
otherwise feel free to leave or if you
want to sit here and wait it's also fine
but there's nothing more value i'm going
to say
that you need to sit here for
oh other question is anyone who
usually comes to the face-to-face labs
or or
uh does anyone have the um
thinkpad and the sensor modes
um and they can't join this online class
because there's been
something um there's a problem with that
that i'll have to clarify if you do have
if you picked up the hardware of negan
is that anyone
in here
we had um did any of your group members
uh turn up today um i would explain it
if not just clarify it with you nothing
anyone has um you haven't yes it's
called okay
okay that's fine okay um so uh
i don't know are you following the labs
is that how you're no okay
you haven't no we haven't yet started
doing the setup
okay do you plan to follow the labs is
that what you plan to do are you going
to try and do it on your own
probably follow up when the time comes
okay
um okay well then it's not really of a
straight concern to you because
um it's just one of the future labs when
it asks you to do the raspberry pi setup
it asks you to put a specific raspberry
pi
image onto the pi which you need to do
because it has the low pan
network on there which is what's
responsible for the low power network
but the problem is the link they
provided in
the link they've provided in there to
the google drive link with the image
actually doesn't have the image in there
anymore so um i've spoken to negan and
we're gonna change that up
um to actually get the raspberry pi
image that you need on there
so with that just don't bother doing
anything with the raspberry pi yet
because
once we get hopefully we get that image
and then you'd have to pretty much erase
everything you've done so far
um is that a yes
that'd be published or is it publicly
available
well i i think it's a custom image
that's as far as i'm under
understanding i think it's a custom
image that's been done by someone who
originally ran this subject
uh many years ago um and it's been
passed down through
slowly molded but they've stuck to that
original
um whoever originally designed that
image with just very specific files and
a file structure on there
um labs reference too so it'll ask you
to run
like start the low pan network but if
you start it it doesn't exist on your
like typical raspberry pi
service yeah could we sort of uh
add yourself and you know figure out
where the files would need
well that's what i was trying to do and
i got
that to work but it seems as i continued
on it seemed to continually reference
um other files that were expected to be
in there and
if we can't get the image um that's what
i'll spend time
uh trying to get everything compiled so
that you can
i'll give a new tutorial on how to i
guess make the image that it's
requesting you to have
but if we can just get it off the
professor or whoever had it designed
before
it'll save a whole bunch of trouble it
doesn't need to be hard it makes sense
probably better or if it's better spent
on this one for an hour i guess
than getting yeah yeah that's yeah
that's what i definitely recommend
because assignment 2 is pretty much just
the project
now in returns to the referencing um
i'm going i'm going to assume apa
but i have to speak to negan i mean i've
been told to do apa
for my capstone so i would like to think
that that's the new standard
um but i will put a
i will just write a teams thing in there
for negan just to reply to
because i'm not exactly sure what she's
requested or wanting um she's
responsible for the marking of the
actual assignments
um
before i forget
okay so i've just dropped that in the
general um
i hope they should reply soon um but
just check back there every so often
uh to see if nagin's replied um
um the question for um
so week for that um
uh imagine usb
to serial cable uh do we have to get one
so are you are you
following are you have you got are you
have you got all the hardware
that is a part of those labs like the
yeah yeah
um you can't follow so that's what i
just spoke about too
i you can't follow that lab because
the first step is install like it's one
of the
yeah the image doesn't exist and you
need that image
um you can't just install like a fresh
os which is what i did
um but i found out in the further labs
you can't have that because it relies on
libraries that are pre-installed on that
image
for further on so
don't worry about that in terms of the
serial cable um
you can just you don't really need to if
you don't have a serial cable
um you don't need to do headless um you
can actually just connect it up to a
monitor
if you want um because in the further
further on in the labs
so i don't know if there's a really a
point for you to connect up head to the
start just now
um unless you don't have access to a
monitor or something like that is that a
problem is that
yeah are you able to like just uh use
like the operating system
visually um i just or did you want to do
headless
the serial cable because uh right now i
have the wristband but uh um i'm
i'm not get the sd card so uh but i know
the
the image is not exist so i'm just kind
of
asked yeah
yeah um yeah so if
what did you pick up the kid from
uni from us
um what do you mean did you pick up the
like the wrong
did you come like you said you had the
raspberry pi and the
sensor tag and stuff did you you picked
that up from negan at uni
yeah um actually i buy all of them
the cc 2650 and the default
obviously you do it yourself yeah
okay um yeah so then you probably
you if you want to talk to your
raspberry pi to set up headless um
you'll need the serial table to start
um because you need this it's up to you
so you've got two choices you can either
connect it up to a monitor
and do it visually where you can just
connect the wi-fi
that way and then once you're connected
to your local wi-fi at home
then you can then your laptop can
communicate with it via
like not with it without the cable if
you don't need to have
okay uh does that make sense
yeah yeah so we can expect the serial
exterior
as the key report so just go ahead to
the wi-fi
use the wi-fi to do the monitoring yeah
if you
yeah yeah yeah yeah so
if you've got if you can connect it
visually via the monitor
you can just set up the wi-fi that way
and you can get the ip address
and then that way once you have the ip
address you can connect it like ssh
um remotely and you won't need the
serial cable
okay cool
[Applause]
[Music]
there
so
[Music]
um
so
that
oh
so
now
hmm
so
okay
foreign
uh
so
and
um
you